three- day diet
when gazar 5 kilos is perhaps the dream of
many of us
there are many benefits in the loss
of weight if a moderate rhythm is made to
through healthy eating and
of exercise
but today I'm going to tell you a very
fast almost miraculous if it were not because
you must put a little bit of your part the
enormous advantage of this diet is that only
lasts three days this type of diet is
they do when they take excess weight and
you need to download them quickly though
we must comply with it literally
that its success lies in the mixture of
food and it can be easily done
because as we indicated earlier
it only lasts three days and it is very important
respect the intake times of
foods
right as is breakfast
lunch and dinner
just as I 'm going to indicate
but before you start and pass
fully to the development of this
powerful and effective diet I want you
know and keep in mind that this
type of diets has given very good
results in thousands of people who
have followed literally but without
However, it is also recommended
consult with a specialist before
start any kind of regime
food
[Music]
first day breakfast of black coffee
half orange a slice of bread
whole roast with a thin layer of
fresh cheese lunch
100 grams of lean meat a cup of
green beans a cup of carrots one
vanilla ice cream dessert cup
mid afternoon an apple and dinner
half can of tuna to the natural one
tight of whole grain bread and black coffee or
tea
Attention to the vanilla ice cream is not
it's about an ice cream it's actually made
with four whites beaten to the point of
snow and vanilla sprinkles are
Also take in two with sweetener
the means in the fridge before taking it
and with the texture the flavor and the
appearance of a vanilla ice cream
the idea is to consume a cup or half
Protein cup according to the day
[Music]
in the bottom part we can not true
offer an image in which it is shown
the sequence let's say the preparation
on this side of vanilla
so that you know the four clear ones of
egg have only 54 calories or grams
of fat 166 milligrams of sodium 163 of
potassium
with civil and grams of magnesium 7
milligrams of calcium 0.1 of iron and
vitamin acdy of 6 the best of 211
grams of proteins
let's go on the second day to breakfast is
true an egg cooked on the grill or in
French omelet with a very little oil
a slice of whole wheat toast
half banana and black coffee or tea
to lunch a small filet of veal
a cup of broccoli half a cup of
carrot and half cup of ice cream
from vanilla to mid afternoon half banana
in tea and finally dinner a sixth
a cup of fresh cheese and six cookies
salty
we go to the third and last day
[Music]
at breakfast an apple 30 grams of
sader cheese 5 of the salted black or
coffee in the case of cheddar cheese
basically it's a pale cheese with flavor
sour originally evolution e
england but if you can not count on
this cheese can also be substituted
by ricota
but in most countries of
Latin America from Europe and other countries
you can find let's say society
years in which those that are very similar
so you should not worry press
and we go to lunch a tin of tuna at
natural a cup of carrots a cup
of cauliflower and half cup of dessert
vanilla ice cream in the afternoon
apple and a tea and finally the scene
a hard-boiled egg a slice of bread
integral toast
an important tip during this age
is to drink two liters of water a day
You can help with all kinds of teas and
coffee and tea drinks such light
last two in moderation
then I will read some points
important issues related to diet
to pay close attention
life works with a process of
chemical transformation and is proven
it should not vary or replace without any
food just skip that bridge the
case of cheddar cheese
you can use salt or pepper a dressing
plus
where the amount is indicated do not
restrictions with common sense
the diet should be followed for three days in
those three days you can get to lose
up to five kilograms
after three days of the diet it
You can eat normally but obviously
Do not exceed after four days
normal can start another cycle of
three days diet
[Music]
if you need to lose more weight or
supplement this diet with a system
totally natural I suggest you
make the following site
yes the video that was really helpful for
please subscribe to the channel and give me
Like he seemed to be able to help more
people who are interested in downloading
of weight thank you very much